README.md, before:

![DeadHash](https://i.imgur.com/PWrqQ67.png)

# DeadHash

![GitHub package.json version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/CodeDead/DeadHash-js)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/CodeDead/DeadHash-Js)
![GitHub Releases (by Release)](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/CodeDead/DeadHash-js/2.1.0/total)

DeadHash is a free and open-source utility to calculate file and text hashes. The following hash calculations are supported:

* MD4
* MD5
* SHA-1
* SHA-224
* SHA-256
* SHA-384
* SHA-512
* RIPEMD-160

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app) and built using [Electron](https://electronjs.org/).

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

To learn Electron, check out the [Electron documentation](https://electronjs.org/).

## About

This library is maintained by CodeDead. You can find more about us using the following links:
* [Website](https://codedead.com)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/C0DEDEAD)
* [Facebook](https://facebook.com/deadlinecodedead)
* [Reddit](https://reddit.com/r/CodeDead/)

Commit message:

* Added info to README.md * Added theme style icon to TopBar component * Refactoring * Fixed an issue with resetting the theme style

README.md, after:

![DeadHash](https://i.imgur.com/PWrqQ67.png)

# DeadHash

![GitHub package.json version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/CodeDead/DeadHash-js)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/CodeDead/DeadHash-Js)
![GitHub Releases (by Release)](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/CodeDead/DeadHash-js/2.1.0/total)

DeadHash is a free and open-source utility to calculate file and text hashes. The following hash calculations are supported:

* MD4
* MD5
* SHA-1
* SHA-224
* SHA-256
* SHA-384
* SHA-512
* RIPEMD-160

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app) and built using [Electron](https://electronjs.org/).

## Building

In order to produce binary distributable files or to start a development build, you must first issue the following command,
in order to ensure that the React build is up-to-date:
```
yarn react-build
```

After running `yarn react-build`, you can issue the following command in order to produce the binary distributable files:
```
yarn build
```

If you want to start the development version, you can issue the following command, after running `yarn react-build`:
```
yarn start
```

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

To learn Electron, check out the [Electron documentation](https://electronjs.org/).

## About

This library is maintained by CodeDead. You can find more about us using the following links:
* [Website](https://codedead.com)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/C0DEDEAD)
* [Facebook](https://facebook.com/deadlinecodedead)
* [Reddit](https://reddit.com/r/CodeDead/)
